showcase.setu.ie/showcase.itcarlow.ie

### Golf Swing Helper Mobile App 

The smart golf coaching app will be a mobile app used to help improve the swing of golfers. It will use the camera on the mobile device to view a golfers swings from the back and sides(The camera must be set to one of these positions by the user) and user computer vision and AI analyze the golf swing. The user will input what swing they are attempting with what club(Example: A flop shot with a 56 degree lob wedge). The app will give immediate feedback on the golfers swing, including but not limited to posture, swing height, swing speed, club position, stance, feet position etc. It will suggest correction, possible drills and track progress over time. It will also give basic tips and tricks to beginners such as grip and club recommendations for certain shots. (Possible linking to smart devices for accurate feedback)

### Emotional Music Recommendation Mobile App

This music app will be a mobile app that uses the users biometric data to recommend a playlist/song the user might like in their current mood. An example of some data used would be heart rate and facial expressions. It would also use information such as time of day, locations of the user(Driving, in college, in work) The app will be linked to Spotify which will be used as the base for the songs being played and the recommendations. The app would ask for either an approval or disapproval on proposed song and using AI would adapt for the next suggestion. It would also recommend songs on user listening history.

### Recipe Generator Mobile App

This will be a mobile app that helps the user in creating tasteful recipes with the current ingredients they have at their disposal using machine learning. This can be done by either taking a picture of the inside of their fridge or manually inputting their available ingredients. It will provide information on the meal such as calories and nutritional value along with time and measurements for the recipe. Along with this the app will help in creating general recipes and shopping lists for said recipes based on the users preferences. It will provide possible food pairings the user might like and healthier choices of certain ingredients that might interest the user. 
### Golf Tournament Mobile App

This golf tournament app will be a mobile app that can manage golf tournaments among groups of friends. The app will include a profile for each player tracking previous tournaments, matches, and rank of the player while using the app. The app will provides a place for players to join a tournament, track their scores, show live leaderboards and also for scheduling events. The app will work on an honor system for players inputting their golf scores which will be shared by all members of the tournament. The app will also include a GPS showing what courses players are/have been playing at. Settings may be set(Such as minimum of 3 people must attend a viable round of golf) which would block any inputs of scores that don't comply with the tournaments rules. You may set what courses must be played, how many times each course can be played. The app will track the time of round when players select start, and have a nice interface for users to input their scores for the round. It will also show comparative data of previous rounds the user or other players have had at the same course. 
### Mental Health and Well-Being Mobile App

This mental health tracker will help users with regulating, helping and seeing data on their emotional health and well being. The user will be asked for their weekly routine and from that the app will walk you through guided mediations based on the free time slots in your day or whenever it is requested. Depending on your preferences it will recommend activities such as reading or running and will give personalized positive and supportive messages through out the day using AI to tailor it to be personalized. Keeping up consistent exercises examples meditation, running or reading will create a streak showing a numerical representation of progress. This app will ask daily about your current mood and if anything is currently on your mind giving support then possible and ethical. There will also be an AI chatbot to speak to, this chat bot will not give advice but will listen and give possible recommendations on how to proceed further on getting help. It will show graphical information of your moods throughout your usage of the app, if it sees an improvement or decline in mood it will adapt to cater to the users needs. 

### Home Design Augmented Reality App

This augmented reality mobile app will allow you to test possible designs for your room without having to buy any furniture. The home design tool will allow the user to place down virtual furniture, decor items, change the color of walls allowing the user to visualize their vision. This app will be linked to online shopping sites recommending furniture based on what the user has placed on the app. It will use an AI to give advice for possible matching of colors or decor possibilities that could be used to enhance the room. The app will use machine learning to then recommend pieces of furniture that interest the user based of what the user has previously been viewing/selecting. The user will be able to save a folder of screenshots or videos of previously tried furniture, colors and decor. 

### AI Travel Assistant App

This travel planning mobile app uses AI to enhance the user experience in booking and planning for holidays. It will give real time updates on booking flights allowing user to get the best options that align with their preferences.  It will show real time prices of accommodations and hotels along with the flights lining up and even recommending dates to go for the holiday based on user preference.  It will create an itinerary also based on the user preference and holiday restrictions (such as length of time or other pre planned events). This app will allow the host user to create a group with the people they will be traveling with allowing suggestions and showing each person the updated itinerary for the group and also have a personal itinerary for each person.  Sub groups may be made for the likes of couples. The app will provides its own recommendations for each group and person optimizing the holiday to the users preference.

